an employee has recently separated from her physically abusive husband. In the past, he has threatened to harm her if she were to ever leave him and to harm anyone who was helping or protecting her. Although she is ashamed, she has confided to her supervisor that she is frightened of her husband. The supervisor does not see how this relates to the workplace and does not pursue the matter. Two weeks later, the spouse appears at the workplace, demanding loudly to see her. He locates her, and slaps and punches her before he is restrained by the woman’s coworkers. Which statement best describes the situation?	A the woman is an employee and the supervisor did not take steps to keep her safe at work
which of the following statements needs to be cited in order to avoid plagiarism?	C the largest lobster caught weighed 44 pounds
What is the cornerstone of all privacy legislation in Canada?	B. Consent
Contractual disputes of a technical nature may be most expeditiously and effectively solved through	D arbitration
PEO operates under authority of following legislation	D Professional Engineer’s Act of Ontario
The standard of care is established as the objective standard	B of average professional competence
What drove corporate/business structure to change and the hierarchy to flatten the late 1980s/early 1990s, according to the changing workplace lecture?	A technological advances
According to the lecturer, what is the main purpose of an organization’s Media Relations department	C to inform the public about the organization
Environmental Compliance Approval (ECA) is required for	C high-risk discharge activities
According tot eh Ontario Health and Safety Act (OH&S) a company must have a health and safety committee if	A the number of workers is 20 or more
Code of Ethics can be best described as	D a document which enshrines principles of professional conduct
Property that is pledged by a borrower to lender in case the borrower CANNOT pay back a loan to?	B collateral
The most important reason for a professional engineer to follow the code of ethics is to	D promote public trust in professional engineering
rank the following decision-making styles in order of least to most authoritative?	D collaborative, consultative, autocratic
In order to have good relations with media it is best to	B present your info to the press straightforwardly and in a timely manner
If a spill of contaminants occurs, there is a obligation to	D notify the spill action center
According to the lecturer, what is the main purpose of an organization’s Media Relations department?	C. to inform the public about the organization
You are CEO of a small drilling company and your company had a relatively small safety related incident. You gave an exclusive interview to a newspaper reporter. In the published story the reporter mis-quoted you and made some factual errors in the story. What should you do?	B contact him/her with correct information
what is the term of protection given by a patent	B 20 years
Royal commissions established to determine the cause of the first failure of the quebec bridge identified serious deficiencies in the design and construction of the bridge. Which one of the following as identified?	D the loads were underestimated
You are using the CAPC model as a guide in a crisis situation. Which of the following actions is not part of the CAPC model?	D be in Control
in order for an article to qualify as a trade secret it must	C be confidential
Canadian engineering accreditation Board (CEAB) is an organization which	B accredits engineering programs
What action by a professional engineer would be considered as a breach of the code of ethics?	Disregarding the public welfare
Which of the following issues is NOT addressed by civil law	A forgery of documents
Standards for the practice of professional engineering are set by	D Provincial association of professional engineers
What is the most important creteria when a consulting engineer is being considered for a consulting engineering contract?	C reputation
social insurance number you are an engineer employed by a construction company and you have just arrived at the site where there has been buckling failure of some bracing on a concrete pour. You are approached by a young relatively inexperienced reporter who insists on asking you some questions.What is your best response?	C ask the reporter to meet you in the site office in 30 minutes
An electronic manufacturing engineering company has recently completed a trade union certification vote that passed the required majority. Which of the following employees are not included in the bargaining unit?	B engineering managers
In Ontario, which legislation recognizes Trade Union	D labour relations act
to effectively reduce liability exposure, the professional engineer should	D maintain professional standards in practice
Engineers Canada is	A. an organization of provincial and territorial engineering associations.
While carrying out the work specified in a contract for professional services, the engineer is required to perform the work	A with skill, care and diligence
Which one of the following is a main function of PEO	B setting standards for admission and practice of professional engineering
Which one of the following clauses from the Code of Ethics, if breached, is unlikely to be considered professional misconduct?	A a practitioner should endeavor to keep their license permanently displayed in the practitioner’s place of business
You notice a coworker frequently interactive with a female colleague. You notice that she seems increasingly uncomfortable during these conversations and seems to become more perturbed as is advances become more frequent and suggestive. She becomes especially withdrawn when he touches her on the shoulder and back. You do not know your colleague well as you have just recently started in the department, but you have noticed she seems very shy at work and does not speak her mind often. What is the best course of action?	D advise your manager about what you have witnessed
university that you are attending has a breach of computer system by a disgruntled computer operator and the academic records of its students are stolen. What must the university do according to privacy legislation?	C notify the students
Canada’s anti spam law bill c-28 prohibits sending of unsolicited commercial electronic messages unless the message contains the sendors	A. contact information.
Which one of the following actions by a professional engineer would be considered a breach of the Code of Ethics and Professional Misconduct?	D. Signing a report prepared by someone else without thoroughly reviewing thereport
Which of following activities is not a core engineering competency	C labor negotiation and dispute arbitration
If an action you take could affect the environment, your first responsibility is to	C know the environmental law
Facilitative leadership means	A influencing behavior of others without using of rank or authority
According to Ontario professional engineers act, the legal definition of engineering includes which of the following	B application of engineering principles
Members of the professiona may be charged under the Professional engineers act of Ontario for	C committing an act of professional misconduct
Canada entered the space program with	alouette I
As a professional engineer, in order to provide engineering services to the public, you must have	C a certificate of authorization
According to the lecture on conflict resolution, a workplace in which conflicts are proactively addressed and resolved is	C. a collaborative workplace.
John Stuart Mills utilitarian theory of ethics characterizes the moral worthof actions in terms of the	B judgment we must make based on measureable standard about what is good
The environment footprint of a person is identified as	B land area required to provide all their required resources
Suppose a land developer purchases a property that they know is contaminated. Their obligation, as per the Environmental Protection Act, is to	B report it to the Spill Action Centre
Teleological ethics is an approach that	A seek foremost to determine the proper goal or end of what we are doing
The three classic pillars of sustainability are	D environmental, social and economic
In the context of life cycle analysis, temporal scope refers to	C payback period for sustainable products
In a manufacturing plant in Ontario the Ontario health and mental safetyact (OH&S) is enforced by	D a government inspector
a company is being prosecuted after a serious accident that occurred in their plant. What is their best defense?	B every reasonable safety precaution was taken
employment standards act is administered by	A ministry of Labor
According to the Ontario Professional Engineers Act, which activity by a professional member would be considered unethical?	B signing plans without a thorough review
an industrial design registration protects which of the following aspects of an object?	C shape and configuration
Which single element of the profession ensures that all the remaining elements are satisfied?	Which single element of the profession ensures that all the remaining elements are satisfied?
You are the VP research of a small medical device company and your research team have just developed a new device which will revolutionize the diagnosis of diabetes. Keeping in mind the lecture on media relations, what is the best way for your company to announce your new device?	D holds a news conference
At the time of building the great pyramids in old Egypt, the title "Master Builder" and "Architekton" referred to people with similar skills. (T/F)	At the time of building the great pyramids in old Egypt, the title "Master Builder" and "Architekton" referred to people with similar skills. (T/F)
The Greek engineers perfected the use of the arch. (T/F)	The Greek engineers perfected the use of the arch. (T/F)
Before industrial revolution, what professions were known as "black professions"?	Before industrial revolution, what professions were known as "black professions"?
The term "Electric Century" refers to:	The term "Electric Century" refers to:
Who was referred to as "The Queen of the Hurricanes"?	Who was referred to as "The Queen of the Hurricanes"?
Canada entered the space program with the launch of:	Canada entered the space program with the launch of:
According to diversity lecture, first step of stereotyping is	A socialization
What three things should you know about your audience?	What three things should you know about your audience?
What did the amendments made to the Professional Engineers Act in October 2010 do?	B required that those offering engineering services to the public hold a certificate of authorization
A young engineer in Ontario, who ahs completed the registration requirements has just received his/her P.Eng licence. What is he/she immediately able to do	C practice professional engineering in province of Ontario
What are the four R's?	What are the four R's?
What is most important in the effective use of language?	What is most important in the effective use of language?
What are the five magic questions?	What are the five magic questions?
You can legally call yourself an engineer even if you don't have a license.	You can legally call yourself an engineer even if you don't have a license.
A professional engineer undertaking an inspection discovers a condition which in his/her opinion constitutes a threat to the public welfare. The engineer has a confidentiality agreement with the client. After repeated vigorous attempts the engineer fails to convince the client to take correctiveaction. What should the engineer do?	B report it to the civil authorities
How many licensed professional Engineers are there in Canada?	How many licensed professional Engineers are there in Canada?
How many engineering regulators are there in Canada?	How many engineering regulators are there in Canada?
According to the lecture on conflict resolution, a workplace in whichconflicts are proactively addressed and resolved is	C a collaborative workplace
John is a stamping machine operator in a large manufacturing company. He arrives at work for his shift and discovers that the machine guards have been removed from his stamping machine. These guards were removed by the night shift operator so that he could produce parts quicker and thus make more money. What should John do?	D inform his supervisor and have the machine guards installed
How many accredited engineering programs exist at Canadian universities?	How many accredited engineering programs exist at Canadian universities?
The Qualification Board promotes mobility and consistent practice.	The Qualification Board promotes mobility and consistent practice.
Review the PIEVC protocol.How many times has it been applied in Canada? Select the best answer.	Review the PIEVC protocol.How many times has it been applied in Canada? Select the best answer.
What is the percentage of newly licensed women engineers?	What is the percentage of newly licensed women engineers?
What is the PEO?	What is the PEO?
How does the PEO regulate the profession?	How does the PEO regulate the profession?
What is Engineers Canada?	What is Engineers Canada?
In order, what are the most popular engineering disciplines in Canada?	In order, what are the most popular engineering disciplines in Canada?
What is engineering?	What is engineering?
Describe the 3 principles of Professional Engineering Practice.	Describe the 3 principles of Professional Engineering Practice.
An example of greenwashing is an advertisement stating that:	B a car is the greenest in its class
How do you become a Licensed Engineer in Canada?	How do you become a Licensed Engineer in Canada?
Does your 12 months pre-graduation experience count towards your acceptable engineering experience?	Does your 12 months pre-graduation experience count towards your acceptable engineering experience?
in order to obtain a certificate of authorization an engineer must have	A Professional engineer license
Ethics is an activity we engage in when we ask “what should I do” in any given situation. An ethical decision is arrived at by	D. examining the choices and consequences and then acting.
List 6 traits associated with being an Ethical Engineer.	List 6 traits associated with being an Ethical Engineer.
List the 5 required elements of engineering experience.	List the 5 required elements of engineering experience.
List some gray areas (doubtful) of experience that may not count towards you engineering experience.	List some gray areas (doubtful) of experience that may not count towards you engineering experience.
What is the difference between SMP and EIT?	What is the difference between SMP and EIT?
In Ontario, engineering services are controlled by:	In Ontario, engineering services are controlled by:
The Code of Ethics is part of	The Code of Ethics is part of
After labor negotiations broke down, a power utility locked out their workers after they had done the following 4 steps. Which of these steps made the lockout illegal?	B they banned pickets from their plant
What is the core purpose of professional engineering?	What is the core purpose of professional engineering?
When do you need a Certificate of Authorization?	When do you need a Certificate of Authorization?
If you have graduated from an accredited engineering program in Canada, can you say that you are an engineer?	If you have graduated from an accredited engineering program in Canada, can you say that you are an engineer?
The Practitioner's duty to public welfare is...	The Practitioner's duty to public welfare is...
Which of the following criteria is NOT necessary to obtain a patent for an invention	B sole ownership
Use of the engineer's seal is ...	Use of the engineer's seal is ...
According to the professional engineers act it is an offence to practice professional engineering without a license and is punishable upon conviction by	A a fine of up to 25 000 for a first offence and up to 50 000 for subsequent offences
A complaint against a practitioner is received by PEO. What happens next?	A complaint against a practitioner is received by PEO. What happens next?
In judging negligence for engineers, what is the appropriate standard of care?	In judging negligence for engineers, what is the appropriate standard of care?
Teleological ethics may be defined as "Teleological ethics is based on a desirable end".Is "teleological" an appropriate description of Aristotle's Virtue based ethics? Yes or No?	Teleological ethics may be defined as "Teleological ethics is based on a desirable end".Is "teleological" an appropriate description of Aristotle's Virtue based ethics? Yes or No?
True or False: The rights-based ethics of John Locke were developed as a response to unjust class structures and authoritarian rule.	True or False: The rights-based ethics of John Locke were developed as a response to unjust class structures and authoritarian rule.
True or False: We read in a Google search: "Duty based ethics are the moral obligations that persons adhere to because it is formative that their actions are necessary and contingent on the response of society."	True or False: We read in a Google search: "Duty based ethics are the moral obligations that persons adhere to because it is formative that their actions are necessary and contingent on the response of society."
John Stuart Mill's Utilitarian Ethics implies:-Full liberty and full participation in society-Personal conviction and rational autonomy-The golden mean-Maximizing the satisfaction of personal desire or social goals	John Stuart Mill's Utilitarian Ethics implies:-Full liberty and full participation in society-Personal conviction and rational autonomy-The golden mean-Maximizing the satisfaction of personal desire or social goals
True or False: Ethics is not just about dealing with negatives, it is about promoting positives.	True or False: Ethics is not just about dealing with negatives, it is about promoting positives.
True or False: Civil Law applies accross Canada.	True or False: Civil Law applies accross Canada.
True or False: Tort Law seeks to punish the defendant.	True or False: Tort Law seeks to punish the defendant.
Deontological ethics are concerned with	C duty and obligation to do the good and the right thing
Is a breach of the Duty of Care an element of a Negligence Action?	Is a breach of the Duty of Care an element of a Negligence Action?
Is Duty and Standard of Care measured against the current practice?	Is Duty and Standard of Care measured against the current practice?
How many elements of a Breach of Contract can you recall?	How many elements of a Breach of Contract can you recall?
The idea of a “social contract” was developed by a number of philosophers, interpreted in different ways. For John Locke the social contract would guarantee	C personal freedom and intrusion from others through relinquishing some natura rights to another authority
in the lemonade stand example from the lecture on entrepreneurship, the variable cost is the	B lemons
Can you recall the four elements of an action in negligence?	Can you recall the four elements of an action in negligence?
The term on a patent , from the date of application, is:	The term on a patent , from the date of application, is:
Yes or No: Computer Software is patentable in Canada.	Yes or No: Computer Software is patentable in Canada.
True or False: An inventor always owns his/her own inventions.	True or False: An inventor always owns his/her own inventions.
True or False: First to invent is entitled to the patent.	True or False: First to invent is entitled to the patent.
True or False: Industrial design protects the visual appearance of something, not the functional features.	True or False: Industrial design protects the visual appearance of something, not the functional features.
True or False: Trademark can protect the functionality of an object.	True or False: Trademark can protect the functionality of an object.
For construction projects Environmental Protection Act requires audits	D prior to demolition and construction and retention for 5 years
What is the principal characteristic of a “tort”?	B a law that apportions loss
Alice has been a long-time employee with an impressive 28 years of service. Over the last several months, she has posted a series of malicious and mocking comments about her supervisors on her Facebook account. These are in addition to more overt comments overheard within the workplace.Recently, another employee read these online comments and brought them to the supervisor’s attention, as they were malicious, completely inappropriate and were now escalating nature. What should be the approach of management?	D Alice should be disciplined because she is demonstrating bullying behavior
True or false: In general, the Employment Standards Act applies to Professional Engineers.	True or false: In general, the Employment Standards Act applies to Professional Engineers.
Professional engineers are exempt from five provisions of the ESA.What are they?	Professional engineers are exempt from five provisions of the ESA.What are they?
Ethics is an activity we engage in when we ask “ what should I do” in any given situation. An ethical decision is arrived by	D examining the choices and consequences and then acting
Does the Labor Relations Act (LRA) permit Professional Engineers to get unionized?	Does the Labor Relations Act (LRA) permit Professional Engineers to get unionized?
Does Ontario Health and Safety Act (OHSA) apply to engineers?	Does Ontario Health and Safety Act (OHSA) apply to engineers?
There are three instances where the Professional Engineer can be considered in violation of the Act.Can you recall them?	There are three instances where the Professional Engineer can be considered in violation of the Act.Can you recall them?
Due diligence is your defence if challenged under the Ontario Health and Safety Act (OHSA).What is due diligence?	Due diligence is your defence if challenged under the Ontario Health and Safety Act (OHSA).What is due diligence?
How is harassement defined under the Ontario Human Rights Code?	How is harassement defined under the Ontario Human Rights Code?
In a negligence and negligent misrepresentation case the main objective of the hearing is to	C restore the plaintiff monetarily
Can bullying be considered a harassement?	Can bullying be considered a harassement?
in the context of life cycle analysis, spatial scope refers to	B boundaries of the land required by a project
Annual Immigration to Canada at present is about	Annual Immigration to Canada at present is about
Today, most immigrants to Canada come from	Today, most immigrants to Canada come from
How many Acts protect diversity in Canada?	How many Acts protect diversity in Canada?
Health and Safety trumps "___________".	Health and Safety trumps "___________".
What percentage of the Canadian population is aboriginal?	What percentage of the Canadian population is aboriginal?
Professional engineers standard of care establishes the point at which the engineer	A may be judged negligent in the performance of duties
Based on information provided in the lecture, what percentage of people with disabilities are employed in Canada?	Based on information provided in the lecture, what percentage of people with disabilities are employed in Canada?
What does CDE stand for?	What does CDE stand for?
Which one of the following describes Aristotle’s “golden mean”?	A ethical virtue of choosing a condition between the extremes
What percentage of engineers licensed in Canada are foreign trained?	What percentage of engineers licensed in Canada are foreign trained?
What percentage of engineering students in Canada are women?	What percentage of engineering students in Canada are women?
The personal information protection and electronic documents act (PIPEDA) defines personal information broadly as information about an identifiable individual. Which of the following is an exception to this definition?	B business card information
What is greenwashing?	What is greenwashing?
Which of the following is not a pillar of sustainability?	Which of the following is not a pillar of sustainability?
How is ecological footprint defined?	How is ecological footprint defined?
Select the most accurate statements below, according to the lecture on conflict resolution	C conflict is when a person perceives another to be a threat to his or her interests
Both Canada and the US currently exceed their biocapacity.	Both Canada and the US currently exceed their biocapacity.
Current estimates of the Earth's carrying capacity are about 3-13 billion people.	Current estimates of the Earth's carrying capacity are about 3-13 billion people.
Limited temporal scope means we are running out of time to achieve sustainability.	Limited temporal scope means we are running out of time to achieve sustainability.
which of the following forms of partnership business is the least fair in terms of ensuring that the guilty partner is liable for their own conduct	A general partnerships
Limited spatial scope means our boundary for LCA is insufficient to truly quantify environmental impacts.	Limited spatial scope means our boundary for LCA is insufficient to truly quantify environmental impacts.
Life cycle analysis is used for which of the following?	Life cycle analysis is used for which of the following?
During what period in history did engineering join the ranks of the professional world	D Industrial revolution (1800 CE)
If your action affects the environment, what is your first responsibility?	If your action affects the environment, what is your first responsibility?
What is the cornerstone of all privacy legislation	B consent
What is covered by the Ontario Environmental Protection Act?	What is covered by the Ontario Environmental Protection Act?
What is the Spills Action Centre?	What is the Spills Action Centre?
What is The Green Energy Act and who owns it?	What is The Green Energy Act and who owns it?
Select the most accurate statement below:a. Conflict is when a fight breaks out between otherwise civil individuals.b. Conflict is when a person causes others to be inefficient.c. Conflict is an adverse social disturbance that has counterproductive consequences.d. Conflict is when a person perceives another to be a threat to his or her interests.	Select the most accurate statement below:a. Conflict is when a fight breaks out between otherwise civil individuals.b. Conflict is when a person causes others to be inefficient.c. Conflict is an adverse social disturbance that has counterproductive consequences.d. Conflict is when a person perceives another to be a threat to his or her interests.
According to the lecture on great teams and great team players, which one of the following is an undesirable property of a team	C rigid hierarchy in leaderships
Engineer’s seal is used for which of the following?	D approval of final drawings, specifications and reports prepared by practitioner
Unresolved conflict causes:a. Increased stressb. All the listed answer are correctc. Lower productivityd. Impaired working relationshipse. Diminished morale	Unresolved conflict causes:a. Increased stressb. All the listed answer are correctc. Lower productivityd. Impaired working relationshipse. Diminished morale
A workplace in which conflicts are proactively addressed and resolved is:a. A good workplaceb. A traditional workplacec. A collaborative workplaced. A tough place to workAn accommodating workplace	A workplace in which conflicts are proactively addressed and resolved is:a. A good workplaceb. A traditional workplacec. A collaborative workplaced. A tough place to workAn accommodating workplace
Principled negotiation is an approach to negotiation that is:	Principled negotiation is an approach to negotiation that is:
In a collaborative resolution process, parties will:a. Express their conflicting views and ideas and work through thatb. Be polite and friendlyc. Quickly come to an agreementd. Always agree with each otherPush to get their own way	In a collaborative resolution process, parties will:a. Express their conflicting views and ideas and work through thatb. Be polite and friendlyc. Quickly come to an agreementd. Always agree with each otherPush to get their own way
Which of the following are true of a collaborative resolution process? (Select all that applies).a. The process has well defined procedures and rulesb. The process and its outcome is controlled and decided by the partiesc. The purpose of the process is to determine which party is rightd. The process is based on the concept of principled negotiatione. The process is completely voluntary	Which of the following are true of a collaborative resolution process? (Select all that applies).a. The process has well defined procedures and rulesb. The process and its outcome is controlled and decided by the partiesc. The purpose of the process is to determine which party is rightd. The process is based on the concept of principled negotiatione. The process is completely voluntary
you are standing in line at the workplace cafeteria. The line of customers is becoming increasingly long and some people are becoming very vocal about the long wait. One young man who ahs waited fifteen minutes to be served, yells and curses at the cashier, pounds his fist on the counter and starts to throw papers at het cashier. What statement best describes the situation?	C this behavior is intended to intimidate the cashier and is workplace violence
Which of the following are important skills to apply in a collaborative resolution process? (Select all that applies)a. Conveying respect and empathy to the other partyb. Non-defensive responsec. Persuasively presenting the rationale of one's positiond. Active listeninge. Conveying a strong, unwavering stance on disputed issues	Which of the following are important skills to apply in a collaborative resolution process? (Select all that applies)a. Conveying respect and empathy to the other partyb. Non-defensive responsec. Persuasively presenting the rationale of one's positiond. Active listeninge. Conveying a strong, unwavering stance on disputed issues
Which of the following are important skills to apply in a collaborative resolution process? (Select all that applies)a. Conveying respect and empathy to the other partyb. Persuasively presenting the rationale of one's positionc. Active listeningd. Non-defensive responsee. Conveying a strong, unwavering stance on disputed issues	Which of the following are important skills to apply in a collaborative resolution process? (Select all that applies)a. Conveying respect and empathy to the other partyb. Persuasively presenting the rationale of one's positionc. Active listeningd. Non-defensive responsee. Conveying a strong, unwavering stance on disputed issues
Which of the following are useful strategies to have in a collaborative resolution process? (Select all that applies)a. Suppress adversarial emotionb. Invite others to share their ideas for resolutionc. Ensure that others keep to the pointd. Express your perceptions and concerns assertivelye. Identify incorrect assumptions	Which of the following are useful strategies to have in a collaborative resolution process? (Select all that applies)a. Suppress adversarial emotionb. Invite others to share their ideas for resolutionc. Ensure that others keep to the pointd. Express your perceptions and concerns assertivelye. Identify incorrect assumptions
the preferred order of controlling hazards is	A at the source, along the path, at the worker
The goal of a collaborative process is to:a. Find a compromiseb. Determine which proposal is the best onec. Eliminate conflictd. Make conflict productive.e. Make everyone happy	The goal of a collaborative process is to:a. Find a compromiseb. Determine which proposal is the best onec. Eliminate conflictd. Make conflict productive.e. Make everyone happy
In which Canadian jurisdiction is the civil law system followed?	C Quebec
Is a partnership limited to two persons?	Is a partnership limited to two persons?
True or False? For a Sole Proprietorship or a Partnership, creditors can make a claim for no greater than the business assets.	True or False? For a Sole Proprietorship or a Partnership, creditors can make a claim for no greater than the business assets.
In a LLP, who is resonsible for negligence claims?a. general partnerb. individual partnerc. both a. & b.	In a LLP, who is resonsible for negligence claims?a. general partnerb. individual partnerc. both a. & b.
For a corporation, who pays the income tax on the profits?	For a corporation, who pays the income tax on the profits?
For a corporation, who is responsible for any liability?	For a corporation, who is responsible for any liability?
Suppose a reputable source states “it would take over an hour for a heavy object to sink 6.7 miles down to the deepest part of the ocean”. If you were to incorporate this fact into a report you are writing, which of the following statements is closest to plagiarism?	A it takes a heavy object over 60 minutes to sink 11 km to the bottom of the deepest part of the ocean
When is the corporation created?	When is the corporation created?
In the corporation, is the liability of the shareholders limited?	In the corporation, is the liability of the shareholders limited?
the role of an employer as stated by Ontario health and safety act includes all of the following except	C making sure workers use safety equipment properly
During what period in history did engineering join the ranks of the professions?	D. Industrial Revolution (circa 1800 CE)
True or False? In a corporation, it is the duty of a director to act at all times in the best interest of the company.	True or False? In a corporation, it is the duty of a director to act at all times in the best interest of the company.
Is "consent" required in all cases of a request for information?	Is "consent" required in all cases of a request for information?
How many Principles were given for PIPEDA?	How many Principles were given for PIPEDA?
Rights-based ethics imply	B allowing full participation and liberty to all persons in society
Which one of the following actions by a professional engineer would be considered a breach of the code of ethics and professional misconduct	B disclosing a conflict of interest prejudicial to his/her professional judgement
Directors of a corporation	B must now have been bankrupt or be bankrupt
According to the lecturer on Consulting Engineering Practice, the mostprofitable type of consulting contract is	B a direct appointment
code of ethics states that “ a practioner shall regard the practioners duty to public welfare as paramount.” In the event of a breach of this clause by professional engineer, which one of the following clauses from Section 72 of Ontario Regulation 941, Professional misconduct, would most likely support a charge of professional misconduct brought against the professional engineer?	B failure to act to correct or report a situation that the practitioner believes mayendanger the safety or the welfare of the public
whih of the following best describes a professional engineer	D person who holds a provincial license
engineering Canada is	A organization of provincial and territorial engineering associations
In order to be an expert witness before a court or tribunal the professional engineer must	D have special knowledge of the matter at hand
The principal objective of Professional Engineers Ontario (PEO) is to	A regulate the practice of professional engineering in order that the public interest may be preserved and protected
The Canadian engineering accreditation board (CEAB) establishes graduate attribute requirements in order to	B establish minimum educational standards acceptable for professional registration
Bill C45 is a law that came into effect in 2003 that	C allows directors of corporations to be criminally responsible for workplaceaccidents
What was the cause of the Mars climate orbiter failure?	D incorrect engineering unit
