What is a project charter?	Paragraph description for; project purpose, objectives, success criteria, key deliverables, exit criteria
What is Project Integration Management?	Identify, define, combine, unify, and coordinate the various processes and project management activities.
What are the last 5 learning outcomes for SYSC 4805?	5. Use knowledge to analyze and solve an engineering problem.6. Evaluate and predict performance using the Scientific method.7. Define, plan, and manage a moderately complex project.8. Develop teamwork and entrepreneurial skills.9. Develop communication skills through technical presentations and reports.
Why use an Arduino?	- Stable and sturdy- Faster development cycles- Built-in functions for working directly with microcontroller registers
What is the difference between a microcontroller and microprocessor?	Microcontroller's are self-contained systems with CPU, memory, and peripherals on one chip for dedicated tasks. Microprocessor's are general purpose CPU's that rely on external components.
What is a Project Management Plan?	Description of all documents on how the project will be executed/monitored/controlled/closed.
What are the 6 parts to Project Scope Management?	1. Plan Scope Management: Creating scope management plan which documents how project scope is defined/validated/controlled2. Collect Requirements: Documenting/managing stakeholder needs and requirements for project's objectives3. Define Scope: Developing detailed description of the project and product4. Create WBS: Subdividing deliverables into smaller manageable components5. Validate Scope: Formalizing acceptance of completed deliverables6. Control Scope: Monitoring status of project/product scope as well as changes to scope baseline
How does one know that Project Management was not involved?	1. Parts of project vary widely in quality and style (over and under-engineered)2. Some features keep consuming resources when they should have been killed. Essential processes are rushed or removed entirely (testing,maintenance and upgrade plans)4. Time schedules are based on actual coding time, nothing else
What is Project Scope Management?	Ensures the project plan only includes all the work required
What are some application areas for Embedded Systems?	- Automotive - Telecommunication - Healthcare - Industrial - Consumer Electronics - Military and Aerospace - Manufacturing
What are the components of Requirements Language?	- Condition (optional): Condition under which requirements applies, generally starts with "When"- Subject: The actor (e.g. the application, the system)- Action: The action of the requirement (e.g. shall return to, shall send)- Object (optional): Object of the action (e.g. a signal, message, particular state)- Constraint (optional): Restricts the action (e.g. time limit), generally uses "within"
What are the second 5 Knowledge Areas in the PMBOK Guide?	- Project Human Resource Management- Project Communications Management- Project Risk Management- Project Procurement Management- Project Stakeholder Management
What is a Knowledge area?	A discipline or field of expertise in project management; groups together processes that share common subject matter
What are the first 5 Knowledge Areas in the PMBOK Guide	- Project Integration Management- Project Scope Management- Project Schedule Management- Project Cost Management- Project Quality Management
What are the Goals of Project Management?	1. Meet project objectives2. Satisfy stakeholder expectations3. More predictable4. Increased chances of success, within schedule and budget5. Identify and respond to risks6. Identify, recover, or terminate failing projects
What are the goals for the SYSC 4805 project?	- Design and build a robotic platform with motion, sensors, and software for data fusion, decision-making, and task execution.- Develop a robot that autonomously clears snow along a marked path while avoiding fixed and moving obstacles.
What is a phase?	A time-based division of the project life cycle (stages of project progression)
What is product scope?	Features and functions that characterize a product/service/result
What are the 7 parts to Project Integration Management?	1. Develop Project Charter: Writing a document that formally authorizes the existence of a project2. Develop Project Management Plan: Design/building plan components into integrated project management plan3. Direct and Manage Project Work: Leading/performing work in project management plan to achieve project objectives4. Manage Project Knowledge: Using existing knowledge to create new knowledge to achieve project objectives5. Monitor and Control Project Work: Tracking/reviewing overall progress to meet objectives in the project management plan6. Perform Integrated Change Control: Review, approve, and manage project changes while updating and communicating decisions.7. Close Project/Phase: Finalizing all project/phase/contract activities
What are the first 4 learning outcomes for SYSC 4805?	1. Define concepts of product design, development methodology, and team-based project management.2. Design an embedded microcontroller-based system for an engineering problem using hardware and software components.3. Identify and adapt to realistic constraints.4. Analyze potential solutions for an engineering project.
What is focus?	What you need to know and manage in a project
What is an Embedded System?	Specialized computer designed to perform dedicated functions within a larger ecosystem, with real-time performance constraints.
What is project scope?	Work performed to deliver a product/service/result with specified features/functions
What is a project?	A temporary endeavor undertaken to create a unique product, service, or result
I See Smart Cool Humans Communicate Risks, Plans, Success	IntegrationScopeScheduleCostQualityHuman ResourcesCommunicationRiskProcurementStakeholder
What is Project Management?	The application of knowledge, skills, tools, and techniques to project activities to meet the project requirements.
